Add `preview_datadog_agent_sampling ` (#6112)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_datadog_upstream_sampling_decision_propagation.md

> ### Datadog priority sampling resolution is lost ([PR #6017](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6017))
> 
> Previously a `x-datadog-sampling-priority` of `-1` would be converted to `0` for downstream requests and `2` would be converted to `1`.
> This means that when propagating to downstream services a value of USER_REJECT would be transmitted as AUTO_REJECT.
> 
> This PR fixes this by ensuring that the `x-datadog-sampling-priority` is transmitted as is to downstream services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fix transmitted header value for Datadog priority sampling resolution ([PR #6017](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6017))

The router now transmits correct values of `x-datadog-sampling-priority` to downstream services.

Previously, an `x-datadog-sampling-priority` of `-1` was incorrectly converted to `0` for downstream requests, and `2` was incorrectly converted to `1`. When propagating to downstream services, this resulted in values of `USER_REJECT` being incorrectly transmitted as `AUTO_REJECT`.
```
